well these two worlds wesh the strict
here the bis lee don joo meet again
for a video enough for a video
little here is a little tutorial
little moment I had not done until
there the last rate I did that date
for the husband transform swords into 72
128 years of sandstone like that once
that was so basically as you have
can see in title and also by
pan the last video I had you
showed that I had a cape
he has already issued a 4/4 weighing of France
all to sign or here it is and I you
had said ben I had said you
invite you too to put caps
like that but except that I had
forgot you were
disabled one like me here is such tld
youtuber such hardness of the subscriber in
August and dover sees the normal I had
forgot that you use disabled
and that I do not really know how
do of course a game I'm joking a
that's because learning to tell me abbas
summer buggy opus now you very
pleasant racing car is the
couscous that ensured on couscous
the Biskri ola must thou
calm a brief so we will do so I
you do a little tutorial so how
change your new kia pop tifine
so basically since I know more when
we can really use
Well, we can really put the caps
we want we do not have to
let to the top and the f2
little fine we can really put this
we want if we can customize it
from a to z and settat and that's why
I have a cape
I took a slap by which their
liked France for when
I put the chicken on wii or what I like
to show well that spits in French I
pose my shots on the table
so that's basically so we're going to
do your institute early
so you do not have to spend
by a tutorial only for the team of
France you can do as you
so basically you go on the
site at the small fine everything will be in the
descriptions were put to you on the
site at the small fine you connect you
put down your login
finally your pseudo minecraft or your
email plus password here is next
then you will come here so that
this is the cloak that I currently have so
I already have my cable from France 1 as
you know that's it
and then when you want to change it
so you have as before you are here
know you try you can choose
a disposition aulas and beaupuy do
directly custom and you know everything
changed compared to the capf is
now at the g20 at the trick and banner so
click on ben hours and it will take you
an alias the banner generator game
why the fabrics and basically that
takes you along so that allows you so
this site is the site that allows you
of custom vocable from a to z which you
have all the stuff there when you can
see you have all the stuff
ok ah yes it's no I think of something
which you really have everything or if you
want to do a gradient and after I know
not put a little round and also it's
the color basically those meals you want
it's blue like that from above if
you want it not really
over it finally here it's really
you can put it
as you want from a to finally
2nd look just add to
add shapes and it can
make things really cool
look at it I created a kind of small
monster in the space of two seconds and
kind of eyes there is a species of
weird mouth so it's true we
could do that but really like
you want you can put the
colors you do not want stingy for
to make a French cape in two
seconds
you see you click you put
blue you take that white priority
this one after red this one and we're going
you have a cape of france is roughly
I prefer to mark every time you
add something that changes a link
here so look I add that it
exchange
after when I make the ex army like
so we actually made that a link
in fact it's this link there so when you
will have finished your course
so we'll say you keep the map
white
when you have finished your four years
once you have finished barrows
aurelien you take the link and you
copy paste here in the heart of and that
you do the cape of France so we
for the tutorial we will take a queue that
is already done
so the one I have and that I have
currently and that I keep in this
moment that I like so we're going
take this one according to the afu hop there
it is already the presle enough for
change one the behind in fact it's
to change as it's behind like
these damn high
that's me that's how I
here it is I am a little
degraded to the top 12
wallaby the eye so here is one time
that it is made that everything is good you
are in the country you click on save me
I do not have to do what she likes me
well how in case I did
the sea ​​should you click on save and
your course is set to play so here
in the description you will have a
dozen of capes
a dozen french cape that tichy
not to find so dedications ali so
it's a good ten cape if it's
that they have each time the flag of
la France
so so a bit like the mine you
see it's not really that 20 players
with stronger logos and
little stuff besides who but that all
likewise represents France so I
gives you and a dozen in the
description you also have the worry
dish that I will put in the description
or if you have millions and
million obala you have you have
21000 you have 21000 different banner
so is called banners in fact they
new cape
you see there are full full
and just chick and you check or
ticket may be at the end of a
moment you will fall on a
capital and who will be love at first sight
between you and that's all there is
really a lot a lot so
the anoci on a site in the description
he does not really draw for example
I think that's why a
pokéball there that opened there are some
watch a little monster frankly
it's really stylish also has the points
who go I think who agrees so
so here I think it's pretty much
everything and so you have to click on his
lips once in a nutshell that's what
also you will connect to the small
fine you go into banner you fool
the link you put it you go back
after you do on save to click
on save you restart your lunch on
minecraft too that's important if not
well it will not update itself
automatically need to restart launcher
and then you'll have your famous cape
so that's so it was not finally
really little tutorial because like
hab I speak a little too much so
I hope the video will have more it was
luis the idea bay